hey what's going on on your feathers
gamers my name is Fabio spots and today
I want to discuss with you if bind on
account heirlooms are gone for good in
the new upcoming expansion warlords of
draenor I'm just going to go ahead big
spoiler alert right here no they are not
gone for good but our community manager
bath shock did state on the forums with
the upcoming release of 6.0 point2 will
be sending the vendors who sell
heirlooms for justice points on a
quote-unquote nice vacation now being a
wild player for a decent amount of time
I have noticed that anytime that
Blizzard has taken anything out and
saying they will be returning shortly
hasn't really come back and if they do
bring it back it's way way down the
future like years to come so that's
really gonna suck but um they do say
that you will be able to buy you know
your boa heirlooms with gold that I
don't really agree with but the same
time you have to ask yourself do you
want to grind hours on end for justice
points or valid points for binary
counter nums I didn't mind it I found
that it was not too bad a little boring
yes but at the same time on my main toon
I was able to make gold from you know
looting things from the dungeons and
heroics blah blah blah and not only that
getting justice points for heirlooms for
upcoming tunes and tunes that I was
leveling already because with the
heirlooms you get a ten percent bonus XP
gain from killing monsters so PvE aspect
of the game for low levels with vinyl
decal heirlooms is a lot easier and the
level gaining as a lot faster than if
you didn't have binding account
heirlooms and you just had you know
normal dungeon gear and also in PvP it
gives you a lot of health bonus now
another thing is is that what are they
going to do the new level 100 level
aspect of the game for buying an account
because with boa you were able to use it
up from level 1 to 85 and from there on
from level 85 the next five levels to 90
you were able to just get you know new
gear from dungeon
or whatever you were doing questing even
but double of 100 they're going to now
make it up to level 95 level 90 is it
still going to be 85 um not very sure
they haven't really said much about that
that I found anywhere on the forums if
anyone knows you can go ahead and leave
a comment down below um but honestly I
think they should just leave it at 85
and if they do go anywhere else with it
90 because 85 you can actually start
getting some good gear and some dungeons
so it's really not necessary to keep the
boa and just if you wanted to send it to
another tune that might need it so 85
seems very reasonable to me otherwise 90
is probably as high as I would put it
personally the developers will actually
have to really hardcore de sitter
consider that but with the justice
points of valor point vendors going on
vacation um they are now including that
as of right now I'm not sure about in
the future but as of this moment we are
now in padded six point zero point three
with eight days left to go for warlords
of Draenor you will be able to go to
Darkmoon Faire and use Darkmoon Faire
tickets to actually buy any of the BOA
heirlooms that you can possibly imagine
that I definitely do not agree with
because a for lower levels if you want
to get some boa like let's say you're
just starting out will the Warcraft
you're here about heirlooms and you want
to get some for yourself that's not okay
because some of the lower levels can't
actually do any of the games at Darkmoon
Faire which doesn't make it fair for the
lower level players also no one wants to
go once a month grinding out a terrible
place in my opinion dark booth bear is
just horrific to me I hate that place
and I would I really don't want to do
that now I have every piece of be aware
that you can possibly have does not a
big problem for me but for others no one
wants to sit there all day just playing
Darkmoon Faire games and you know
grinding out tickets and they're really
expensive Darkmoon Faire tickets are not
easy to come by all the time because you
know it what is it one piece is like a
hundred eighty four tickets I think
ridiculous like no one wants to do that
and it would take a lot of time to get
heirlooms and at that point no one's
gonna want to do it no one's gonna buy
them so why even keep them in the game
um I think they should just keep them
with the vendors you know fine take them
out before the prefetch for warlords
give them that vacation whatever do
whatever you guys want but in my opinion
I think they should just leave it how I
want to keep the justice points keep the
Valerie you know it's just simple it's
easy everyone understands it and it's
not hard to wrap your mind around if
you're a new player like oh I go to a
heroic I can get justice points you know
oh I can use these justice points to buy
heirlooms got it but just the gold
aspect what if you don't have a lot of
gold especially at a lower level like
these pieces were really cost like 200
gold 300 gold 400 gold a thousand gold
per piece I mean with the guilt vendor
ones you know the helmets and things
those costs like 1k 1.3 k gold each and
you think a lower level player is gonna
have 1.3 k gold maybe if they have nice
friends or maybe if they just farm for
gold I mean it really all depends but
for a lot of players I'm sure they don't
have 1.3 k gold at level 10 just
floating around on their pocket waiting
to be spent hopefully they will keep
heirlooms in the game but again that's
really always up to blizzard and what
they feel is necessary now if they do
come up with a new strategy to actually
level up faster with lower levels and
get help on certain PvP and my compass
XP bonus game then okay if they think of
something better great I'm all for it
but up until they actually released that
information I'm still not going to be
all for this whole gold buying heirlooms
or just taking them out in general I
hope this really helped you out and
informed on what's going on with
heirlooms I hope this helped you out a
lot and step a bit